Update interface-alias.md (#8)
knpuniversity/symfony-bundle: knpu/interface-alias.md

[[[ code('6a48385ce2') ]]]

***TIP

> You can now remove this configuration from the `config/services.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're on Symfony 4.4 or higher, you can remove this configuration from the `config/services.yaml` file:
```
